feat(docs): Leave Policy Assignment (#136)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-period.md

<img class="screenshot" alt="Leave Period"
	src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/leave-period.png">

> ## 3. Granting leave using Leave period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3. Granting leave using Leave Period
```

> > It was the part of ERPNext till version 12 now, from version 13 leave will be granted using [Leave Policy Assignment](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-policy-assignment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In version 12, leaves could be granted via Leave Period through the "Grant Leaves" button. In version 13, leaves will be granted using [Leave Policy Assignment](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-policy-assignment).
```

> Once the information is saved, the Leave Period will also be used as a tool to help you grant leaves for a category of employees.

Reviewer: is this also in v13? @Anurag810
